[OSS-10] Added documentation files. (#1)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/Ed-Fi-Standard: README.md

# Ed-Fi-Standard

> **The Ed-Fi Data Standard serves as the foundation for enabling interoperability among secure education data systems.**

Reviewer: Let's remove the bold formatting. I had it in the template to highlight what needed to be changed, and now I realize that you had no way of knowing that I didn't want to keep it.

For more information, see:

> * Please visit http://techdocs.ed-fi.org for documentation and http://tracker.ed-fi.org for issues.

Reviewer: Now that I can see this, I have an improved suggestion:
```suggestion
* [Ed-Fi Data Standard in Tech Docs](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/ETKB/Ed-Fi+Data+Standard)
```

* [How to Submit an Issue](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/ETKB/How+To%3A+Submit+an+Issue)
* [How Submit a Feature Request](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/ETKB/How+To%3A+Submit+a+Feature+Request)

> * Review on-going development work at **[Link to appropriate Tracker project]**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Review on-going development work in the [Ed-Fi Data Standard](https://tracker.ed-fi.org/projects/DATASTD/) project in Tracker
```

## Contributing

The Ed-Fi Alliance welcomes code contributions from the community. Please read
the [Ed-Fi Contribution
Guidelines](https://techdocs.ed-fi.org/display/ETKB/Code+Contribution+Guidelines)
for detailed information on how to contribute source code.

Looking for an easy way to get started? Search for tickets with label
"up-for-grabs" in Tracker; these are nice-to-have but low priority tickets that should not

> require in-depth knowledge of the code base and architecture.

Reviewer: Just for this repository, please remove this entire section on Contributing.
